RHELDOCS#16775: NBDE Tang Server Operator docs (#67123)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/nbde_tang_server_operator/nbde-tang-server-operator-understanding.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="understanding-nbde-tang-server-operator"]
= Understanding the NBDE Tang Server Operator
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: understanding-nbde-tang-server-operator

toc::[]

> You can use the NBDE Tang Server Operator to automate the deployment of a Tang server in an OpenShift cluster that requires Network Bound Disk Encryption (NBDE) internally, leveraging the tools that OpenShift provides to achieve this automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the NBDE Tang Server Operator to automate the deployment of a Tang server in an {product-title} cluster that requires Network Bound Disk Encryption (NBDE) internally, leveraging the tools that {product-title} provides to achieve this automation.
```

> The NBDE Tang Server Operator simplifies the installation process and uses native features provided by the OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) environment such as multi-replica deployment, scaling, traffic load balancing, and so on. The Operator also provides automation of certain operations that are error-prone when you perform them manually, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NBDE Tang Server Operator simplifies the installation process and uses native features provided by the {product-title} environment, such as multi-replica deployment, scaling, traffic load balancing, and so on. The Operator also provides automation of certain operations that are error-prone when you perform them manually, for example:
```
